When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

  I would do that if I want to keep a backup of my repository online or if I use multiple devices to write code or if I am doing a project in collaboration with other people or if I want to share my entire project (including history) with public.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	Some commits might include minor changes that might not make a huge impact on our project as a whole. So manually pulling (and pushing) the changes whenever a major change is made seems beneficial as it might reduce the clutter.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

	Forks:
		It is a GitHub related term and used to copy someone's repository to your account to make changes to it. These changes will have no effect on the original repository from which it is copied. This is used especially if you don't have the permission to modify someone's repository but you want to work on the existing code in it.

	Clones:
		Clone is used to copy a repository to your local drive, from either GitHub (online) or some other location in your own local drive (offline). The online repository from which the local repository is cloned is automatically set as the remote of this repository. It is used to pull/fetch, edit and modify the code locally and push the changes online as and when we want to.

	Branches:
		Branches are used when we want to try adding a new feature or do some experiments on current properly working production level code. They help us to start from the stable code and edit it and save the changes to a separate place, without messing the original state of the code.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

	We can know how many commits we have done either online or offline or if our local version is out-of-sync or up-to-date compared to online version since last sync (push/pull) by using git status.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

	With only GitHub, it would be easier to collaborate than with only Git, since it is an online platform and easily accessable to every collaborator. Also most of the files can be easily edited on GitHub itself and all the features of Git are available on GitHub plus many other features too.
	Using only Git would be a little harder as whenever I update my local repository, I would have to send it to my collaborators and same if others update theirs. There would be a lot of hassle just to sync repositories of all the collaborators. GitHub is the solution to this issue.
	Without Git and GitHub both, there is very little we can do in terms of collaboration. I would have to convey my changes to every collaborator using some separate medium which could also include sending all of them the required files.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

	If the change is huge or is the first step towards a huge logical change over which I would need a second opinion of my collaborators as everyone might not welcome it raw, I would make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master.
	This way, it would allow collaborators to discuss on my change and update the change to their view-point to reach a state where all of the contributors agree over the change. This branch can later be merged into the main branch.
	But another major benefit comes into picture when the change has finally become unwelcoming and we want to discard it after trying all the changes. If we had used a separate branch, we can simply delete the branch (which essentially deletes the branch label rendering the commits in it unaccessible) to discard those changes keeping our master branch clutter-free and stable.
	While if we directly make changes to master branch, we don't have to deal with issues like merge conflicts as it would include only fast-forward merging.